Official django 4.0 compat (#1484)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: patch

> Add support for Django 4.0.
> Remove 3.0 and 3.1 from tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds support for Django 4.0
```

:)
